Compass HTML5 Starter
=========================

HTML5 Starter is a Compass extension based on [HTML5 Boilerplate](https://github.com/paulirish/html5-boilerplate) by Paul Irish.
You can use it to kick-start a fully compliant HTML5 applications. Generating a set of starter files for your HTML5 projects with integrated Sass (Scss) templates.

Browse [html5boilerplate.com](http://html5boilerplate.com) for the full workup.


Installation
========================

    gem install html5-starter


Starting a project
------------------

    compass create my_project -r html5-boilerplate -u html5-boilerplate --javascripts-dir assets/js --css-dir assets/css --images-dir assets/img --sass-dir assets/sass

The `--javascripts-dir`, `--css-dir`, `--images-dir` and `--sass-dir` flags are required to keep consistent with the original HTML5 Starter project layout. If you omit them, be sure to edit your javascript and style tags accordingly in `index.html`.

Run `compass watch my_project` and the SCSS files will automatically get compiled to your Sass compilation directory whenever a change is made:

    assets/css/style.css
    assets/css/handheld.css

To see the complete list of files generated by this extension, see the [HTML5 Starter](https://github.com/rizkysyazuli/html5-starter) project repo.


Integrating with Blueprint
--------------------------

If you're planning to use the [Blueprint](http://compass-style.org/docs/reference/blueprint/) extension from Compass, you should remove the reset and font styles (see: line 19 and 20) and the print styles (see: line 99) imports inside the `style.scss` file. Blueprint already includes a print, reset and some basic typographic styles.
